Yaknow what I'm sayin'
Shay on the track
The motherfucking handsome B.R.G

Ey-yo I kill a man (kill a man) kill a man I fucking kill
To get the dollar just to get the dollar dollar bill
Ey-yo I kill a man (kill a man) kill a man I fucking kill
To get the dollar bill ey-yo I got ta seal the deal
I fucking kill a man (kill a man) kill a man I fucking kill
To get the dollar just to get the dollar dollar bill
Ey-yo I kill a man (kill a man) kill a man I fucking kill
To get the dollar bill ey-yo I got ta seal the deal

Heavy bass, makin' a smile in yer face
Tell me how it feels to face disgrace
Describe the feeling when you see this fucking place going insane!
While I maintain and obtain the title "Microphone Master"
While I disclaim in vein (kill a man!)
Give me the fortune keep the flames
Spittin' flames my flow be running shit like Pompey!
Buzzin' insane (pay!) give me the dollar, pound or yen
For me to Pakistan you cannot kick it yes I can
Ey-yo a bee from behind, caching a nine and the-image is fun
'Cuz there's a time to rhyme and there's a time to get mine
In my supplyin' pa, bussin' no prime time
Td-diet all these poll descendants my time to shine!

And it's the poverty harmony messed up for real
Gonna be like bo-ya-ka buck buck I kill a man I kill
Whatcha gonna do when I be waving blue steel at ya kill
Pill poppin' animal still like you know tha capital hill
So tell me what's the deal-a?
You better believe-a 'cuz I'ma kill-a for bill-a
Gonna make you skim make you squeal-a. Taking that money
Simply hardcore! Ki-kick ki-kick in the door!
And sending you away back to the way it was before!
Survival of the fittest better believe that I be stronger
I'm on the front teal like a buffalo soldier
If I was you with a can I'm going ovar
'Cuz there's a million motherfuckers that will kill you for the dollar!

Tryinna musclin' musclin', tryinna hustlin' hustlin'
People lovin' and lovin' that's why we bustlin' bustlin'
Through the town, huh in yer clouds?
Bending the ground representing Tel-aviv
And this is how it's going down
Take a shot at this van
And meet me at the white pillar p-p-p-panic and as
That's why I know you talking lot but what I do do
Black magic in the air like we practicing voodoo
Well I'm the guru
The Earth is Shaka Zulu and the street show stuff-a
Jaw dropper, moving like a globe trotter
The hygiene-phonic buff will make you suffer
(No kill!) I give it to you rougher
